docs: update ssr and nextjs (#771)
vercel/styled-jsx: readme.md

- Dynamic styles and themes support
- CSS Preprocessing via Plugins

## Using in Next.js

> Next.js 12+ includes SWC compiler and transformer. You don't have to configure it in babel plugins.

Reviewer: Even before swc it shouldn't have needed to be configured in babel plugins as Next.js sets it for the user. Might be good to note this. 

```suggestion
Next.js automatically configures `styled-jsx` with babel or swc, you don't have to configure it in babel plugins manually.
```

> Next.js now has SWC compiler and transformer to transile it in fast speed. You don't have to configure it in babel plugins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next.js 12+ includes SWC compiler and transformer. You don't have to configure it in babel plugins.
```

## Server-Side Rendering

`styled-jsx` v5 introduced `StyledRegistry` component and `useStyleRegistry` hook to let you scope styles rendering in each SSR render to keep concurrent-safe.

- `registry.styles()` will return the array of react components for style tags.
- `registry.flush()` can clean the existing styles in the registry, it's optional for SSR when you have a standalone registry for each SSR render.

> > Next.js 12 has integrated with `styled-jsx` v5 and manage the registry for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Next.js 12 integrates with `styled-jsx` v5 and manages the registry for you.
```

Author: tense is so hard..
